Adding installation instructions (#72)
rsksmart/rif-marketplace-ui: README.md

\*\*Warning: This project is in alpha state.

## Install

Download and setup the RIF Marketplace UI
```
git clone git@github.com:rsksmart/rif-marketplace-ui.git

cd rif-marketplace-ui
```

Install the dependencies

```
npm i
```

Setup `.env` file with the following configuration:

 - `REACT_APP_CACHE_ADDR` : Cache connection URI
 - `REACT_APP_LOG_LEVEL`: React logging level

>  - `REACT_APP_NETWORK`: Select the Network to connect (should be defined in `ui-config.json`) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `REACT_APP_NETWORK`: Select the Network to connect (must be defined in `ui-config.json`) 
```

\*\*Warning: This project is in alpha state.

## Install

Download and setup the RIF Marketplace UI
```
git clone git@github.com:rsksmart/rif-marketplace-ui.git

cd rif-marketplace-ui
```

Install the dependencies

```
npm i
```

Setup `.env` file with the following configuration:

 - `REACT_APP_CACHE_ADDR` : Cache connection URI
 - `REACT_APP_LOG_LEVEL`: React logging level

>  - `REACT_APP_NETWORK`: Network Identified (should be defined in `ui-config.json`) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `REACT_APP_NETWORK`: Network Identified. Following options are already defined: `ganache` and `rsktestnet`.(This network needs to be defined in `src/ui-config.json`) 
```

 
Example:

```

> REACT_APP_CACHE_ADDR=http://cacheserver:3030   

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't confuse users with http://cacheserver:3030. Just put http://localhost:3030 as you mention this addr bellow anyway.

Author: I does not need to be Localhost. this is not meant to be ran with Cache in same server. Maybe something more clear like  CACHE_SERVER_URL oir somethign like that?

Reviewer: But it is understandable for anyone that it can be changed. `cacheserver` is just wrong and magical constant

Author: ok moving back to Localhost

REACT_APP_LOG_LEVEL=error
REACT_APP_NETWORK=rskTestnet
```

> Setup config file `ui-config.json` which contains the required Contract addresses for all networks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want your own configuration, please add it to the config file `src/ui-config.json`. 
```

> Setup config file `ui-config.json` which contains the required Contract addresses for all networks. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe should say something like: "This file is generated by the environment setup (Rif Marketplace Dev) as described above" (and would put the env setup as the first thing as ppl are likely to start putting all this in before reading that line if it is at the bottom)

Author: But the file does not to be generated by the Dev environment. If you just want to deploy it and run it against Mainnet you dont need the Dev environment right? this is to run stand alone

Reviewer: @jurajpiar this file is versioned controlled and should not be generated in crude version like it is done until now. It will contain different configurations for different networks. This way you can easily switch between them. Later on, the UI will actually automatically detect which network it is connected to based on the networkId or chainId. See https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-ui/blob/master/src/providers/Web3Provider.tsx#L39-L64

- RNS related:
    -  `rif`: address of the deployed RIF token contract
    - `rnsDotRskOwner` : address of the deployed RNS Owner contract 
    - `rnsNameResolver`: address of the deployed RNS Name resolver contract
    - `marketplace`: address of the deployed NFTS Marketplace contract

Example:

```

> "rskTestnet": {
>     "rif": "0x19f64674D8a5b4e652319F5e239EFd3bc969a1FE",
>     "rnsDotRskOwner": "0xca0a477e19bac7e0e172ccfd2e3c28a7200bdb71",
>     "rnsNameResolver": "0x8587385ad60038bB181aFfDF687c4D1B80C4787e",
>     "marketplace": "0x712025c9fe1ca55296ce439c4ac04019c266a5b1"
>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"custom": {
    "rif": "0x...",
    "rnsDotRskOwner": "0x...",
    "rnsNameResolver": "0x...",
    "marketplace": "0x..."
  }
```
